{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh9520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 STAT 301-1 Codebook \

\fs36 \

\f1\b0\fs24 Here I will outline the variables from a dataset obtained from the UCLA Social Science Data Archive. Only variables used in the analysis will be described as well as variables of interest that could be used in future, similar analyses. \
Data come from: <https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=hdl:1902.1/M163V1>\
\
\

\f0\b\fs26 Description of Variables:\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 case_identification_number: <dbl> ID number of each respondent\
yyrborn: <dbl> 2-digit code for year born in 1900\'92s. Missing data = \'93100\'94\
age: <dbl> Age of respondent. Min age = 18\
state_in_us_where_respondent_was_born: Abbreviated state code where respondent was born (ex. \'93AL\'94). Missing data = \'93ZZ\'94\
ethcode: <chr> Hispanic or not Hispanic; levels = \'93H\'94, \'93N\'94 respectively. Missing data = \'93NOT ASCERTAINED\'94\
ethnic_identifcation: <chr> Ethnic ID of respondent (ex. \'93HISPANIC\'94, \'93BLACK\'94, \'93WHITE\'94)\
participate_in_1984_election: <chr> Indicates whether respondent participated in the election \'93YES\'94 or \'93NO\'94\
registration_status_in_1984: <chr>  Indicates whether participants were registered in the \'93Registered\'94 or \'93NOT REGISTERED\'94\
level_of_education_completed: <chr> Level of college completed (ex. \'93SOME COLLEGE\'94)\
marital_status: <chr> Status (ex. \'93MARRIED\'94)\
have_children: <chr> Response to having children\
number_of_children: <chr> Categorical response to number of children beginning with one child (ex. \'931 CHILD\'94, \'932 CHILDREN\'94, etc)
\f0\b\fs26 \

\f1\b0\fs24 biggest_problem_of_usa: <chr> (ex. \'93EDUCATION\'94)\
income_level: <chr> Respondent income (ex. \'9315,000-20,000\'94) \
sex_of_respondent: <chr> Reported gender of respondent\
importance_of_voting: <chr> Importance of voting(ex. \'93IMPORTANT\'94)\
presidential_vote_choice_84: <chr> Last name of respondent\'92s voter choice (ex. \'93REAGAN\'94)\
intention_to_settle_in_us: <chr> Likelihood of respondent to settle in the U.S (ex. \'93WILL STAY IN U.S\'94)\
\
For all of the data responses, any responses of \'93DK/NA\'94 and \'93INAP\'94 indicate missing/not applicable data points. \
}